feat(nuxt): support `trailingSlashBehavior` in `defineNuxtLink` (#19458)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/2.components/4.nuxt-link.md

  activeClass?: string;
  exactActiveClass?: string;
  prefetchedClass?: string;

>   trailingSlashBehavior?: 'append' | 'remove'

Reviewer: @manniL what do you think about making the option name `trailingSlash` - as we don't accept boolean (wise!), I think append/remove make clear what will happen.

Reviewer 2: Yes, fine for me 👍

- **activeClass**: A default class to apply on active links. Works the same as [Vue Router's `linkActiveClass` option](https://router.vuejs.org/api/#linkactiveclass). Defaults to Vue Router's default (`"router-link-active"`)
- **exactActiveClass**: A default class to apply on exact active links. Works the same as [Vue Router's `linkExactActiveClass` option](https://router.vuejs.org/api/#linkexactactiveclass). Defaults to Vue Router's default (`"router-link-exact-active"`)
- **prefetchedClass**: A default class to apply to links that have been prefetched.

> - **trailingSlash**: An option to either add or remove trailing slashes in the `href`. If unset or not matching the valid values `append` or `remove`, it will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **trailingSlash**: An option to either add or remove trailing slashes in the `href`. If unset or not matching the valid values `append` or `remove`, it will be ignored. **This option is currently only available on the [Edge Channel](/docs/guide/going-further/edge-channel/).** <!-- stabilityedge -->
```

> - **trailingSlash**: An option to force trailing slash in all urls or remove by default. If option is not defined or different from `"append"`/`"remove"` it will be ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **trailingSlash**: An option to either enforce or remove trailing slashes URLs . If  unset or not matching the valid values `"append"` or `"remove"`, it will be ignored.
```
